three things you should care about
Charles Darren chip and microjig coming
up right now on wooden stuff today's
episode sponsored by micro jig work
safer work smarter let's see the most
awesome scroll sawyer scroll saw pattern
designer and all-around endearing person
to ever wheeled a spiral blade Charles
Deering Mickey Mouse and that weird ass
lady who pops her eyes out I'm going
with Mickey Mouse louis-charles Deering
and why should you care well Charles
dear he is a fantastic scroll saw your
who both scrolled this piece here as
well as created the pattern court great
work great guy check them out like down
below
move what the world is chip chip you
know chip right that's Jim and he's
right here so you look chip one most
outrageous design in the 2014 summers
woodworking birdhouse contest hit by
prize this portrait by Charles dear and
last but certainly not least microjig
maker of the grr-ripper these guys get
what we're doing here on YouTube and
they shall a lot of support to a lot of
YouTube channels so we should in turn to
support them about safety and helping
keep update microjig was generous enough
to donate some items that I could use
here in the shop when would it stuff
well as I used to give away to you guys
it's quiz time quick quiz this blaine
just got to where it starts moving back
and forth as those Saul is running can
you tell me what causes that
what's causing that too happy Peter the
random drawing for your chance to win a
micro jig Ripper or t-shirt simply post
your answer right or wrong in the
comments section below having I love
woodworking and making cool stuff but i
love these more these fingers I thought
the gripper gr 100 system almost two
years ago now i use the heck out of it I
love it I feel a lot safer having this I
now have a second one I'm used in the
shop here they set a second one but
we're going to be giving away to one of
the viewers in addition they send some
shirts so I have large extra large and
extra extra large I am wearing the
extra-large we are giving away a gr 100
gripper push block system and two shirts
and next time we'll give the rest of the
shirts away as well as one of the
gripper push blocks thank you very much
microjig your support is greatly greatly
appreciated
here's the story Oh lovely lady who was
bringing up three very lovely girls all
of them had hair of gold like their
mother he hungers wanted